One of Oregon State University’s responsibilities is to support its students by keeping track of a plethora of the classes it offers students and their associated assignments, notes, and class sessions every week. Maintaining a record of all the minute details of classes totaling up to a maximum of 19 credits is difficult, especially considering the wide variety of topics covered in both major-required and baccalaureate core courses. This database is offered by Oregon State University’s School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science (EECS) course planning faculty to help its 4000 students keep track of their student information including courses, assignments, and class sessions, across their academic career, all in one place.

An average student at OSU will take around 16 credits per term, usually four four-credit classes. Throughout an undergraduate degree, an OSU student will be expected to take anywhere between 40 and 60 courses, with a varying number of assignments each. Using a database-driven website, the relationship between a class, its assignments, the students enrolled, and their attendance, the quality of life of a student is expected to be improved with better organization of tasks.

This project follows the CS340 Portfolio Guidlines. Much of the code used in this project, specified at the top of each file, is based on the OSU-340-ecampus nodejs-starter-app repository.

Limitations: If you add a registration and then immediately attempt to delete it, you must refresh the page before deleting the row.
